== 0.3.1 April 10, 2010
* Fixed a bug: when Net::HTTP#request was called with a block that had a return statement, the response was not being recorded.

== 0.3.0 March 24, 2010
* Renamed a bunch of methods, replacing them with method names that more clearly fit the VCR/cassette metaphor:
  * VCR.create_cassette! => VCR.insert_cassette
  * VCR.destroy_cassette! => VCR.eject_cassette
  * VCR.with_cassette => VCR.use_cassette
  * VCR::Cassette#destroy! => VCR::Cassette#eject
  * VCR::Cassette#cache_file => VCR::Cassette#file
  * VCR::Config.cache_dir => VCR::Config.cassette_library_dir
  * :unregistered record mode => :new_episodes record mode
* All the old methods still work, but you'll get deprecation warnings.

== 0.2.0 March 9, 2010
* Added <tt>:allow_real_http</tt> cassette option, which allows VCR to work with capybara and a javascript driver.
  Bug reported by {Ben Hutton}[http://github.com/benhutton].
* Deprecated the default_cassette_record_mode option.  Use default_cassette_options instead.

== 0.1.2 March 4, 2010
* Added explanatory note about VCR to FakeWeb::NetConnectNotAllowedError#message.
* Got things to work for when a cassette records multiple requests made to the same URL with the same HTTP verb,
  but different responses. We have to register an array of responses with fakeweb.
* Fixed our Net::HTTP monkey patch so that it only stores a the recorded response once per request.
  Internally, Net::HTTP#request recursively calls itself (passing slightly different arguments) in certain circumstances.

== 0.1.1 February 25, 2010
* Handle asynchronous HTTP requests (such as for mechanize).  Bug reported by {Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil}[http://github.com/thibaudgg].

== 0.1.0 February 25, 2010
* Initial release.  Basic recording and replaying of responses works.